.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_smooth Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2013.01.09
.\#

.TH YAPP_SMOOTH 1 "2014-06-14" "YAPP 3.5-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_smooth \- smooth dedispersed time series data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_smooth
[options]
.I data-file


.SH DESCRIPTION
Smoothes dedispersed time series data using a boxcar window (moving average \
smoothing). The data file should be in the SIGPROC .tim format.

Smoothing is a low-pass filtering operation, so one should be careful not to \
over-smooth the data as this may lead to fast pulsars being filtered out. As \
a rule of thumb, if you would like to see a pulsar of spin period X ms, the \
boxcar window width should be < X ms.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-s, --skip \fItime
Length of data to be skipped, in seconds (default is 0).
.TP
.B \-p, --proc \fItime
Length of data to be processed, in seconds (default is all data).
.TP
.B \-w, --width \fIwidth
Width of the boxcar window in milliseconds (default is 1 ms).
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
Smoothes the data in data.tim with a boxcar window width of 2.5 ms, with \
graphics turned on, and in non-interactive mode. The output is written to \
data.smooth2.5.tim.
.TP
yapp_smooth -w 2.5 -g -e data.tim


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_dat2tim (1),
.BR yapp_tim2dat (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_filter (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1),
.BR yapp_subtract (1),
.BR yapp_stacktim (1),
.BR yapp_split(1),
.BR yapp_siftpulses (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

