.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_viewdata Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2011.03.20
.\#

.TH YAPP_VIEWDATA 1 "2013-07-06" "YAPP 3.4-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_viewdata \- view raw dynamic spectrum data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_viewdata
[options]
.I data-file


.SH DESCRIPTION
This program displays data using a PGPLOT device. The following file types \
are supported:
.P
1. DAS .spec filterbank format
.br
2. SIGPROC .fil filterbank format (including the headerless version, provided \
a .fhd configuration file is present in the same directory)
.br
3. SIGPROC .tim time series format
.br
4. PRESTO .dat time series format


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-s, --skip \fItime
Length of data to be skipped, in seconds (default is 0).
.TP
.B \-p, --proc \fItime
Length of data to be processed, in seconds (default is all data).
.TP
.B \-n, --nsamp \fIsamples
Number of time samples read in one block (default is 4096 samples).
.TP
.B \-c, --clip-level \fIlevel
Number of sigmas above threshold; will clip anything above this level.
.TP
.B \-t, --period \fIperiod
Period of the pulsar in ms.
.TP
.B \-r, --phase \fIphase
Phase of the first pulse with respect to the first sample.
.TP
.B \-m, --colour-map \fIname
Colour map for plotting. Supports some of the standard MATLAB colour maps, \
plus a few more. Valid colour map names are 'autumn', 'blue', 'bone', \
\'cool', 'copper', 'gray', 'gray-inv', 'hot', 'jet', 'pink', 'spring', \
\'summer', and 'winter' (default is 'jet').
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
This run displays the contents of the SIGPROC filterbank file data.fil, with \
8192 time samples per plot, and using the 'copper' colour map.
.TP
yapp_viewdata -n 8192 -m copper data.fil
.TP
The following displays the contents of the PRESTO dedispersed time series \
file data.dat in the /data directory.
.TP
yapp_viewmetadata /data/data.dat


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_fits2fil (1),
.BR yapp_dat2tim (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_ft (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_smooth (1),
.BR yapp_filter (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1),
.BR yapp_subtract (1),
.BR yapp_stacktim (1),
.BR yapp_siftpulses (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

