.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_filter Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2013.03.05
.\#

.TH YAPP_FILTER 1 "2013-05-09" "YAPP 3.3-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_filter \- filter dedispersed time series data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_filter
[options]
.I data-file


.SH DESCRIPTION
Filters dedispersed time series data to remove low and/or high frequency \
variations. The data file should be in the SIGPROC .tim format.

While using this program, one should be careful not to over-filter the data \
as this may lead to fast/slow pulsars being filtered out.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-s, --skip \fItime
Length of data to be skipped, in seconds (default is 0).
.TP
.B \-p, --proc \fItime
Length of data to be processed, in seconds (default is all data).
.TP
.B \-f, --filter \fIfile
Filter mask filename.
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.SH FILES
.TP
This program requires a filter mask file. Filter mask files can be created \
using the yapp_genfiltermask.py Python script.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
Filters the data in data.tim with a filter mask specified in the file \
yapp_mask_16384_0.0001_1.0_100.0.dat, with graphics turned on, and in \
interactive mode. The output is written to data.filter.tim.
.TP
yapp_filter -f yapp_mask_16384_0.0001_1.0_100.0.dat -g data.tim


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_genfiltermask (1),
.BR yapp_dat2tim (1),
.BR yapp_tim2dat (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_smooth (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1),
.BR yapp_subtract (1),
.BR yapp_siftpulses (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

