.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_fold Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2013.02.02
.\#

.TH YAPP_FOLD 1 "2013-04-13" "YAPP 3.2-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_fold \- fold filterbank and dedispersed time series data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_fold
[options]
.I data-file


.SH DESCRIPTION
Folds filterbank and dedispersed time series data at the given period, and \
displays the folded profile in a PGPLOT window. The following file types are \
supported:
.P
1. DAS .spec filterbank format
.br
2. SIGPROC .fil filterbank format (including the headerless version, provided \
a .fhd configuration file is present in the same directory)
.br
3. SIGPROC .tim time series format
.P
This program does not create any output file.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-s, --skip \fItime
Length of data to be skipped, in seconds (default is 0).
.TP
.B \-p, --proc \fItime
Length of data to be processed, in seconds (default is all data).
.TP
.B \-t, --period \fIperiod
Folding period in milliseconds.
.TP
.B \-w, --waterfall \fInumpulses
Show a waterfall plot (pulse number versus phase) instead of a folded profile.
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.TP
The flag \-t (or --period) is a required argument.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
Folds the data in data.tim with a period of 89.3 ms, in interactive mode.
.TP
yapp_fold -t 89.3 data.tim


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_fits2fil (1),
.BR yapp_dat2tim (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_ft (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_smooth (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_filter (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

