.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_ft Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2012.10.14
.\#

.TH YAPP_FT 1 "2013-06-02" "YAPP 3.4-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_ft \- perform Fourier transform and optionally polyphase filtering on \
baseband data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_ft
[options]
.I data-file


.SH DESCRIPTION
This program performs Fourier transform and optionally polyphase filtering on \
baseband (raw voltage time series) data. In other words, this is a software \
spectrometer. The input is expected to be 8-bit, complex, dual-polarization \
data. The output is written in the headerless SIGPROC .fil format, along with \
a .fhd configuration file that can be read by yapp_viewmetadata and \
yapp_viewdata.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-s, --skip \fItime
Length of data to be skipped, in seconds (default is 0).
.TP
.B \-p, --proc \fItime
Length of data to be processed, in seconds (default is all data).
.TP
.B \-l, --tsamp \fItsamp
Sampling time in seconds.
.TP
.B \-f, --centre-freq \fIfreq
Centre frequency of the observing band in MHz.
.TP
.B \-b, --pfb
Turn polyphase filtering on.
.TP
.B \-t, --ntaps \fIntaps
Number of taps in the PFB (default is 8).
.TP
.B \-n, --nfft \fIN
Number of points in FFT (default is 4096).
.TP
.B \-a, --nacc \fIacc-len
Number of spectra to be accumulated (default is 1 - no accumulation).
.TP
.B \-o, --obs-site \fIsite-name
Observing name.
.TP
.B \-r, --pulsar \fIpsr-name
Pulsar name.
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.

.TP
The flags \-l (or --tsamp) and \-f (or --centre-freq) are required arguments.


.SH FILES
.TP
If running with PFB on, this program requires a filter coefficients file to \
be present in the current directory. Filter coefficients files can be created \
using the yapp_genpfbcoeff.py Python script.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
The following performs an 8-tap polyphase filtering followed by a 1024-point \
Fourier transform on the data in rawdata.dat. The spectra thus produced are \
accumulated to a length of 10, and the output is written to a headerless \
SIGPROC filterbank file named rawdata.dat.fil, and metadata is written to a \
file named rawdata.dat.fhd. The site name (in this case, 'GBT') and the \
pulsar name ('J1921+2153') go into the metadata file.

.TP
yapp_ft -l 0.00000078125 -f 1420.405751 -b -n 1024 -a 10 -o GBT -r J1921+2153 rawdata.dat


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_genpfbcoeff.py (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

