.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_split Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2014.06.14
.\#

.TH YAPP_SPLIT 1 "2014-06-14" "YAPP 3.6-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_split \- split dedispersed time series data into smaller time sections


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_split
[options]
.I data-file


.SH DESCRIPTION
Splits dedispersed time series data into smaller time sections, based on the \
requested time. The time duration will be rounded up so that there are a \
power-of-2 number of samples in the data file, so that it will work with the \
PRESTO birdie-removal scheme. The last file may have some data overlap with \
the last-but-one file, so that the last file is also of the same length as \
the others. The data file should be in the SIGPROC .tim or PRESTO .dat format.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-t, --time \fItime
Requested time duration of each time section (default is 30 min.).
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
Splits the data in data.dat with a requested time duration of 20 minutes. The \
output is written to the set of files with names of the form data.splitX.dat, \
where X is in [0, N-1], where N is the total number of time sections.
.TP
yapp_split -t 20 data.dat


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_dat2tim (1),
.BR yapp_tim2dat (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_smooth(1),
.BR yapp_filter (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1),
.BR yapp_subtract (1),
.BR yapp_stacktim (1),
.BR yapp_siftpulses (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

