.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_stacktim Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2013.06.02
.\#

.TH YAPP_SIFTPULSES 1 "2013-06-02" "YAPP 3.4-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_stacktim \- stack time series data to form filterbank data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_stacktim
[options]
.I data-file-0 ... data-file-N-1


.SH DESCRIPTION
Stacks time series data (such as those created using sub-band dedispersion) \
to form filterbank data. The time series files can be input in any order of \
frequency. The data files should be in the SIGPROC .tim format.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-n, --nsamp \fIsamples
Number of time samples read in one block (default is 4096 samples).
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.
.TP
.B \-m, --colour-map \fIname
Colour map for plotting. Supports some of the standard MATLAB colour maps, \
plus a few more. Valid colour map names are 'autumn', 'blue', 'bone', \
\'cool', 'copper', 'gray', 'gray-inv', 'hot', 'jet', 'pink', 'spring', \
\'summer', and 'winter' (default is 'jet').
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.TP
The data file name may be a composed of standard shell wildcards such as * or \
?.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
Stacks the time series in data.band0.tim, data.band1.tim, ..., \
data.band100.tim, assuming that there are no other files in the current \
directory that match the wildcard expansion of 'data.band*.tim'.
.TP
yapp_stacktim data.band*.tim


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_dat2tim (1),
.BR yapp_tim2dat (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_smooth (1),
.BR yapp_filter (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1),
.BR yapp_subtract (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

