.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_genfiltermask.py Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2012.12.18
.\#

.TH YAPP_GENFILTERMASK.PY 1 "2013-05-09" "YAPP 3.3-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_genfiltermask.py \- generate filter mask


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_genfiltermask.py
[options]


.SH DESCRIPTION
This Python script generates a filter mask (frequency response) for \
yapp_filter. The format of the filename is \
yapp_mask_nfft_tsamp_lower_upper.dat. The mask coefficients are signed bytes.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-n, --nfft \fInfft
Length of FFT used in yapp_filter (default is 4096).
.TP
.B \-t, --tsamp \fItsamp
Sampling time in seconds.
.TP
.B \-l, --lower \fIfreq
Lower cut-off frequency in Hz (default is 0.1 Hz).
.TP
.B \-u, --upper \fIfreq
Upper cut-off frequency in Hz (default is 1000 Hz).
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.

.TP
The flag \-t (or --tsamp) is a required argument.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
The following generates a filter mask to run yapp_filter with 16384 FFT \
points, with a lower cut-off frequency of 1 Hz and an upper cut-off frequency \
of 100 Hz, for data with a sampling time of 10 microseconds. It creates a \
file named yapp_mask_16384_0.0001_1.0_100.0.dat in the current working \
directory, and also displays a plot of the filter mask.
.TP
yapp_genfiltermask.py -n 16384 -t 0.0001 -l 1 -u 100 -g


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_filter (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

