.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_siftpulses Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2013.05.09
.\#

.TH YAPP_SIFTPULSES 1 "2013-05-09" "YAPP 3.3-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_siftpulses \- searches for signal excursions beyond a specified threshold


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_siftpulses
[options]
.I data-file-dm0 ... data-file-dmN-1


.SH DESCRIPTION
Searches for signal excursions beyond a specified threshold, in a series of \
time series data, dedispersed for a range of Dispersion Measures (DMs). The \
time series files can be input in any order of DM. The data files should be \
in the SIGPROC .tim format.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-n, --nsamp \fIsamples
Number of time samples read in one block (default is 4096 samples).
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.
.TP
.B \-t, --threshold
Threshold in sigmas.
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.TP
The data file name may be a composed of standard shell wildcards such as * or \
?.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
Sifts the time series in data.dm0.tim, data.dm1.tim, ..., data.dm100.tim for \
pulses above a 6-sigma threshold, assuming that there are no other files in \
the current directory that  match the wildcard expansion of 'data.dm*.tim'.
.TP
yapp_siftpulses -t 6 data.dm*.tim


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_dat2tim (1),
.BR yapp_tim2dat (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_dedisperse (1),
.BR yapp_smooth (1),
.BR yapp_filter (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1),
.BR yapp_subtract (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

