.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_dedisperse Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2012.12.18
.\#

.TH YAPP_DEDISPERSE 1 "2015-09-11" "YAPP 3.6-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_dedisperse \- dedisperse dynamic spectrum data


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_dedisperse
[options]
.I data-file


.SH DESCRIPTION
Dedisperses filterbank format data. Supports flipped-band data, as well as \
non-quadratic dispersion correction. The following file types are supported:
.P
1. DAS .spec filterbank format
.br
2. SIGPROC .fil filterbank format (including the headerless version, provided \
a .fhd configuration file is present in the same directory)
.P
The output may be written as one of DAS '.dds', SIGPROC '.tim', or a \
non-frequency-collapsed SIGPROC '.fil'. In the case of the latter, \
irrespective of the original format of the data, the output samples are \
single-precision floats. The start MJD of the output reflects dispersion \
delay correction with respect to infinite frequency.
.P
Sub-band dedispersion is also supported, but only one sub-band at a time.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-s, --skip \fItime
Length of data to be skipped, in seconds (default is 0).
.TP
.B \-p, --proc \fItime
Length of data to be processed, in seconds (default is all data).
.TP
.B \-n, --nsamp \fIsamples
Number of time samples read in one block (default is 4096 samples).
.TP
.B \-d, --dm \fIdm
DM at which to dedisperse (default is 0.0).
.TP
.B \-l, --law \fIlaw
Dispersion law (default is 2.0).
.TP
.B \-b, --nsubband \fInsubband
Number of sub-bands (factor of number of channels, must be < number of \
channels).
.TP
.B \-u, --subband \fIsubband
Sub-band to dedisperse (within [0, nsubband)).
.TP
.B \-o, --out-format \fIformat
Output format - 'dds', 'tim', or 'fil' (default is 'tim').
.TP
.B \-f, --f-decimate \fIfactor
Decimation-in-frequency factor, for 'fil' output.
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.
.TP
.B \-m, --colour-map \fIname
Colour map for plotting. Supports some of the standard MATLAB colour maps, \
plus a few more. Valid colour map names are 'autumn', 'blue', 'bone', \
\'cool', 'copper', 'gray', 'gray-inv', 'hot', 'hot-inv', 'jet', 'pink', \
\'spring', 'summer', 'winter', 'RdBu', 'BdRu', 'cubehelix', and \
\'cubehelix-inv' (default is 'jet').
.TP
.B \-i, --invert
Invert background and foreground colours in plots.
.TP
.B \-e, --non-interactive
Run in non-interactive mode.
.TP
.B \-v, --version
Display the version.


.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Dedisperse the data in data.fil with a DM of 13.2952, with graphics turned \
on, and in non-interactive mode. The output is written to data.dm13.2952.tim.
.TP
yapp_dedisperse -d 13.2952 -g -e data.fil
.TP
Treat the 1024-channel filterbank data in data.fil as being made up of 16 \
sub-bands, and dedisperse the first 64-channel sub-band (lowest in frequency) \
with a DM of 13.2952, with graphics turned off. It is assumed that the band \
is not flipped. The output is written to data.dm13.2952.band0.tim.
.TP
yapp_dedisperse -d 13.2952 -b 16 -u 0 data.fil


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_fits2fil (1),
.BR yapp_tim2dat (1),
.BR yapp_ft (1),
.BR yapp_viewmetadata (1),
.BR yapp_viewdata (1),
.BR yapp_smooth (1),
.BR yapp_filter (1),
.BR yapp_add (1),
.BR yapp_fold (1),
.BR yapp_subtract (1),
.BR yapp_stacktim (1),
.BR yapp_split(1),
.BR yapp_siftpulses (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

