.\#
.\# Yet Another Pulsar Processor Commands
.\# yapp_genpfbcoeff.py Manual Page
.\#
.\# Created by Jayanth Chennamangalam on 2012.12.18
.\#

.TH YAPP_GENPFBCOEFF.PY 1 "2014-06-14" "YAPP 3.5-beta" \
"Yet Another Pulsar Processor"


.SH NAME
yapp_genpfbcoeff.py \- generate polyphase filter coefficients


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B yapp_genpfbcoeff.py
[options]


.SH DESCRIPTION
This Python script generates polyphase filter coefficients for yapp_ft, for \
use while running the latter with PFB turned on. The filter coefficients are \
made up of a normalized sinc function modulated by a Hanning window. The \
output is written to a file that yapp_ft expects to find in the current \
working directory. The format of the filename is \
coeff_ntaps_nfft_nsubbands.dat. The number of sub-bands, nsubbands is always \
1. The filter coefficients are single-precision floating-point.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
Display a short help text.
.TP
.B \-n, --nfft \fInfft
Number of points in FFT (default is 4096).
.TP
.B \-t, --ntaps \fIntaps
Number of taps in the PFB (default is 8).
.TP
.B \-g, --graphics
Turn on plotting.


.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
The following generates filter coefficients for a 4-tap filter with 1024 FFT \
points. It creates a file named coeff_4_1024_1.dat in the current working \
directory, and also displays a plot of the filter coefficients.
.TP
yapp_genpfbcoeff.py -n 1024 -t 4 -g


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR yapp_ft (1)


.SH AUTHOR
.TP 
Written by Jayanth Chennamangalam. http://jayanthc.github.com/yapp/

